我：—————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
童年：
I was born in a common peasant family. When I was a child I lived in a country village. the obscene gap between city and rural incomes. I was a naughty naive boy long long ago.
学院（academicain）：
I have won several biology competitions. I had ever been a slow comprehension student. but, I was a very diligent student. I immersed myself in the book.
fim
The dream that I envisages to  became a biologist haunting in my head again and again. I was full of youthful idealism, believing all good things will be the realisation. my father have gave me a encyclopedia as my birthday present.
this exhaustive content of this encyclopedia is very useful to me about the development of interest. 
Such a amazing story is sufficient for a younger children to form enduring memories. 
It takes a lot of effort to change from layman to a scholar. 
I suffered from obesity and lives an unhealthy lifestyle. I had some vague idea
I hope to embark on a new career as a scholar after quitting programmer career which was full of repetition and repression.
After much consideration, I resigned  from my job.
He accepted my resignation. I received my elementary school education from the age of 7.
campus life will end soon. the professor asked me 'what's you want do in the future?'
Have a goal and aim for it. He wanted to be liable for such serious consequences  to make amends for it.
I realized I ought to amend my the way of speaking. While searching for a way to augment the family income， I began to do some auction
doing extra jobs outside my regular jobs to supplement my incomes the teacher teach me to make a big aspiration to do sth.
I've been a great admirer of scientists since I was a kid. I couldn't get out it . The actual fact is that I'm so nervous. I have no money in my bank account. I adored someone but I accumulate no wealth as so far.The house is not affordable for me. I was on the verge of bankruptcy.（我曾经一度处于破产的边缘）I attended academic seminars annually.I joined the Antarctic scientific expedition last year.I has an appetite for adventure.I tend to associate with knowledgeable person.the association advertised "Desert Quest" at collage.It's appropriate to me and I answered the advertisement.
梦想
No matter what the trend changes, my dream will never depreciate
The scientific practitioners must be preparing for changes anytime.
I enjoyed my happy boyhood in the countryside.In my adolescence, I was dreamed of doing scientific research.I applied for admission to a particular college.Not to fear authority is one of the spirits of scientists.
The subject's passive obedience can make us lose ourselves.
大学：
At college I joined the English league to learn English and make friends in amateur.  I had made progressive progress in my grade. You could be eligible for a university scholarship every semester/term.
I've accomplished college in advance; and I acquired my college diploma and the bachelor's degree. Practice with the professor is essential to acquisition of knowledge. I addicted myself to scientific research.
I study at this academy for three years. give prominence to an accumulation of experience and knowledge. I aspires to be a scientist of microbiology。
Biology has always fascinated me. 
毕业：
our principal gave a speech at our graduation ceremony.
我们的校长在我们的毕业典礼上发表了演讲。
He showed the mang new tenants around the apartment.
他带新房客参观了公寓。
I leased a minor apartment(lodging) on the outskirts of town in moderately price for one year.
我在城郊租了一套小公寓（住宿），价格适中，租了一年。
I'll be born again like a phoenix.
我将像凤凰一样重生。
institutions lended some money to me
机构借给我一些钱
When I graduated, she hurled her books into the air.
我毕业时，她把书扔到空中。
I have been dreaming of enlisting ， but failed
我一直梦想着参军
I cannot be idle; he has to be doing something .
我不能闲着，我必须做点什么。
Idleness is a very bad thing for me.
懒惰对我来说是件非常糟糕的事情。
We have great expectations for his future.
我们对他的未来充满期望。
He awarded me certificate during the graduation ceremony.
他在毕业典礼上给我颁发了证书。
—————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
我的决定：
i is eager to be a person like him. I don't want to make any hasty decisions about my future any more. I thought about it and the decision is not reversible. I'm on my own volition to take this road to the end. I hate the job but I need the cash. 
My part of motive to accomplish this diffcult task is getting a big bonus. an added incentive for us to do a nice job.
We wanted to do academic research in the desert with this opportunity. We did academic research in the desert of our own accord.
It's very helpful to contemporary agricultural technology with the aid of this research. The rewards will compensate for any loss you may incur. 
这些奖赏会补偿你可能遭受的任何损失。
if I does not experience that failure, I would forever conceited.
如果我没有经历过那次失败，我将永远自负。
Unfortunately it was a rather sordid episode of my life, but  I've nothing to reproach myself with. 
很不幸，那是我人生中非常不光彩的一段经历，但我没有什么可责备自己的。
I keep a diary every day.
我每天都记日记。
We are masters of our own destiny. 
我们是自己命运的主宰者。
the displacement of all my energy into learning knowledge
我的全部精力都转到了汲取知识上
I finished all the curriculums in two years.
我在两年内完成了所有的课程。
I certainly expected something better.
我当然期望有更好的结果。
My prospects are not good
我的前景不好
Our future is prospective.
我们的未来是前瞻性的。
