6、环境
  The secretary had endowed a$ 1 million public-service fellowships to appeal to society to protect environment.
  部长捐赠了100万美元的公共服务研究金，以呼吁社会保护环境。

  The environment has been severely contaminated.
  环境受到严重污染。
  Chernobyl nuclear leakage
  切尔诺贝利核泄漏
  disastrous ramifications
  灾难性的后果
  The climate was changing dramatically. 
  气候正在剧烈变化。
  The scientist developed one model to simulate a full year of the globe's climate.
  这位科学家开发了一个模型来模拟全球全年的气候。
  These refined beautiful creatures are disappearing from the face of the earth.
  这些精致美丽的生物正在从地球上消失。
  The felled trees are burned and so emit carbon dioxide. 
  砍伐的树木被烧掉，放出二氧化碳。
  Many forests are cut down for timber every year.
  每年许多森林被砍伐作为木材。
  As a result of the rape of the forests, parts of the country are now short of water.
  由于对森林的乱砍乱伐，该国部分地区现在缺水。
  Planting trees can be a  profitable investment into our future.
  植树可以是对我们未来的有利可图的投资。
  Excessive logging leads to land desertification.
  过度采伐导致土地荒漠化。
  Carbon dioxide is making our planet warmer.
  二氧化碳正使我们的星球变暖
  The emissions from the coal power station pollute the air.
  煤炭发电站的排放物污染了空气。
  The air quality of the city is deteriorating.
  这个城市的空气质量正在恶化。
  Destruction of  species diversity made ecosystems unstable.
  物种多样性的破坏使生态系统不稳定。
  乱砍乱伐导致水土流失以及生态环境的恶化
  Soil erosion and deterioration of ecological environment caused by indiscriminate logging
  They vented toxic gases into the sky.
  他们向天空排放有毒气体。
  Destruction of the ozone layer
  臭氧层的破坏
  He's completely thoughtless.
  他实在是欠缺考虑。
  These polluting factories are reluctant to make changes because such measures would raise their costs.
  这些污染工厂不愿意做出改变，因为这些措施会提高它们的成本。
  They were responsible for the pollution of the atmosphere.
  他们应对大气污染负责。
  The smoke from the factory's chimneys can be seen from miles away.
  从工厂烟囱冒出的烟从数英里外就能看到。
  The targets of new crackdown include factories and manufacturers that pollute the air.
  新的打击目标包括污染空气的工厂和制造商。
  Man's own greed will be the destruction of the planet. 
  人类自身的贪婪将摧毁这个星球。
  Save the world from dissolution
  从毁灭中拯救地球吧。
  Anyone is not allowed to make our rivers or lakes dirty.
  任何人都不允许弄脏我们的河流或湖泊。
  So to speak, to strengthen the control of arsenic-bearing flue gas, hazardous waste water and clinder is a great event relenting to bringing benefit to descendant.
  因此，加强对含砷烟气、有害的废水和渣滓的控制，是给后代带来效益的一件大事。
  The local government is determined to reduce an excess of overcultivation of land
  当地政府决心减少过度开垦土地。
  He attempts to raise people's awareness of the importance of conservation of our environment.
  他试图提高人们对保护环境重要性的认识。
  Leave a valuable legacy for future generations
  为子孙后代留下宝贵遗产
  人们藐视自然法则，必然会得到应有的惩罚
  People defy the laws of nature and are bound to get the punishment they deserve.
  Nothing is going to eclipse obeying the laws of nature. 
  什么事情都没有遵守自然规律重要。
  This must be a worldwide, cooperative effort.
  这必须是一项全球性的合作努力。
  many animals on Earth have become extinct.
  地球上的许多动物已经灭绝了。
  Naturalists made a inventory of all living organisms here
  博物学家对这里所有的生物进行了清点
  I am sure that this reliable investigation will contribute to the conservation of species and environment.
  我相信这项调查将有助于保护物种和环境。
  They're marching  together to show solidarity with their leader in their fight for  environmental reform.
  他们正在一起游行，以声援他们的领导人，争取环境改革。
  What they fear is that environment policy will be sidelined until it is too late.
  他们所担忧的是环境政策不能得到及时的重视。
  They were speculating about why their environment policy was be sidelined.
  他们在猜测为什么他们的环境政策被搁置一边。
  for the welfare of offspring
  为了后代的福利
  Our country had legislated Envirment Protecting Act to protect envirment.
  我国立法了《环境保护法》来保护环境。
  The congress voted in favor of the new legislation.
  代表大会投票赞成这项新立法。
  The State has formulated a set of sustainable development strategies.
  国家制定了一套可持续发展战略。
  Theoretical framework for different growth models and strategies
  不同增长模式和战略的理论框架
  It standardized the Sewage discharge standard
  规范了污水排放标准
  It is an inevitable trend to replace non-renewable energy with renewable energy.
  用可再生能源取代不可再生能源是必然趋势。
7、教育
  The landscape has been radically altered, severely damaging wildlife.
  土地已经发生了根本性的改变，严重损害了野生动物。
  the widespread ignorance that the wild creatures over this locality
  对这个地方的野生动物的普遍无知
  And yet people are profoundly ignorant about science
  然而人们却对科学一无所知
  A large percentage of the population is illiterate. 
  有很大一部分人口是文盲。
