fiction（小说，虚构）
this is a figment drawn from books and films. 
这是根据书和电影编造的。

Shoot for the moon ,even of you miss , you will land among the stars.
向月亮出发，即使你们错过了，你们也会降落在星星之间。

There's quite a discrepancy between the two; they're not the same at all.
两者之间有很大的差异，它们完全不一样。


Habits are far more likely to succeed if they are based on intrinsic motivation, rather than extrinsic motivation.
如果习惯是基于内在动机，而不是外在动机，那么它们就更有可能成功。

The police officer gave her a fine for driving too fast.
警官因她开得太快而罚款。

They drove the motorbike cross the street.
他们开着摩托车过马路。

He carried his motorcyclist(motorbike)'s helmet under his arm. 
他把摩托车头盔夹在腋下。

Only a finite number of situations can arise. 
只会出现有限的几种情况。

prophets who foretold the end of the world 
预言世界末日的预言家

Do you believe this prophecy?
你相信这个预言吗？

The witch is using a crystal ball to prophesy the future.
女巫正在用水晶球预言未来。

I largely work with people who already are motivated. 
我主要同那些积极性已经被调动起来的人打交道。

Reform and opening up have greatly stimulated people's enthusiasm.
改革开放极大的激发了人们的积极性

Productivity has been greatly improved.
生产力得到了极大的提高。

This technology has led to a qualitative leap in productivity.
这项技术导致了生产力的质的飞跃。

Filling the national technological gap/vacancy in this area
填补这一领域的国家技术空缺

One aim of these reforms is effective defence with minimal expenditure. 
这些改革的目的之一是以最低成本实现有效防御。

he had no lapses in judgment
他没有判断失误

The Commission meets once every month to set policy.
委员会每月开会一次，制定政策。

he submitd the report to the commission
他向委员会提交了报告

Another striking feature of the report is the foresight of the development of science and technology .
报告的另一个显著特点是对科技发展的远见。

A new initiative is about to be unveiled.
新计划即将出台。

We must encourage innovation. 
我们必须鼓励创新。

我不关注那些流言蜚语
I don't pay attention to the gossip.

His foresight enables us to build an inherent advantage
他的远见使我们建立了固有的优势

They didn't pinned by the poverty.
他们并没有被贫困所束缚。

Surely we will aim to finally eradicate disease an poverty.
我们当然会以最终消除贫困和疾病为目标。

They will be entrusted to solve major national problems.
他们将受托解决国家重大问题。

In order to save money, the state tries to keep non-essential spending to a minimum, always making the most economical decisions.
为了省钱，国家尽量把非必要的开支控制在最低水平，总是做出最经济的决定。

They have a deep knowledge of economic to understand changes in the global market.
他们对经济有很深的了解，能够理解全球市场的变化。

They should discard the present system entirely. 
他们应当完全摒弃现行制度。

The plan's implementation is dependent on economic circumstances.
该计划的执行取决于经济情况。

In the past, we were under imperialist oppression, and forced to sign unequal treaties.
过去，我们处于帝国主义压迫之下，被迫签署不平等条约。

The two country are negotiating .
这两个国家正在谈判。

The US denied maliciously spying on the scientist.
美国否认恶意监视这位科学家。

to break those external restrictions.（美国对中国的限制）
打破这些外部限制。

Such insults and torture made him hardly to intolerance.
这种侮辱和折磨使他几乎不容忍。

When we talk about the scientists being spied, the contempt attitudes of the US really displeased us
当我们谈论科学家被监视时，美国的蔑视态度确实令我们不快

He's not afraid the US's predominant influence
他并不害怕美国的主导影响力

unilateralist policy
单边主义 政策

unilateral
单边的（单方面的，单相思的）

We are indignant about the unfair treatment the he received.
我们对他受到的不公平待遇感到愤怒。

Our country is a democracy.
我们的国家是民主的国家

This is a time for democrats
现在是民主主义者的时代

We are in a democratic society.
我们生活在一个民主社会。

It demands the budgeting and dedication of time, people, and other resources. 
这件事需要制定预算，还需要时间、人力和其他资源的投入。

The CFO's proclamation of the budget was accepted peacefully.
首席财务官宣布预算得到和平接受。

The Government wants to accelerate the pace of structural reforms.
政府想要加快结构改革的步伐。

The government has initiated a series of reforms. 
政府开始实施了一系列改革。

Some is cynical about reform.
有些人对改革持悲观态度。

In 1987, the government tightened fiscal policy.
1987年，政府收紧了财政政策。

The conception of the plan occcurred at a meeting of scientists by some council members.
这个计划的概念是在一次科学家会议上由一些理事会成员提出的。

Present to the State this strong statement of intent on Great Northwest Expedition
向国家提交这份关于大西北考察的强烈意向声明

There is something definitive about we can carry out the plan.
基本确定可以实施这项计划。

He pay by a cheque for ￥100万
他用支票付100万人民币。

They are understandably chary about disclosing their personal details.
可以理解，他们对披露自己的个人细节很谨慎。

They were granted a charter by the American headquarters. 
他们得到美国总部发给的许可证。

the incessant demand for change came from leading politicians that characterizes our time 
对变革的不断要求来自于我们这个时代的主要的政治家

the cessation of this activity will be a big sadness
停止这项活动将是一个巨大的悲哀

these activities strictly controlled by a central committee 
这些活动受中央委员会严格控制

政府在这个地方做人口普查困难重重
The government has a lot of difficulties in conducting a census in this area.

Government censorship is relaxing a bit to xxxx. 
政府审查制度放松了一点，允许XXXXXX。

It got past the censor. 
它通过了审查员这一关

just-in-case
以防万一

I don't want to make any hasty decisions about my future any more. 
我不想再对我的未来做出任何仓促的决定了。

I thought about it and the decision is not reversible.
我想过了，这个决定是不可逆的。

I'm on my own volition to take this road to the end.
我下决心把这条路走到底。

I hate the job but I need the cash. 
我讨厌这份工作，可是我需要钱。

Science has no boundaries.
科学没有边界

Scientists were developing the capability to forecast ocean conditions in the same way as meteorologists forecast weather.
科学家正在发展预测海洋状况的能力，就像气象学家预测天气一样。

Study numerous forms of marine life in the sea.
研究海洋中多种形式的海洋生物。

My part of motive to accomplish this diffcult task is getting a big bonus.
我完成这项艰巨任务的动机是得到一大笔奖金。

an added incentive for us to do a nice job
对我们做得很好的额外激励

The rewards will compensate for any loss you may incur. 
这些奖赏会补偿你可能遭受的任何损失。

做什么：
We wanted to do academic research in the desert with this opportunity.

We did academic research in the desert of our own accord.

It's very helpful to contemporary agricultural technology with the aid of this research.

The landscape has been radically altered, severely damaging wildlife.
土地已经发生了根本性的改变，严重损害了野生动物。

the widespread ignorance that the wild creatures over this locality
对这个地方的野生动物的普遍无知

And yet people are profoundly ignorant about science
然而人们却对科学一无所知

A large percentage of the population is illiterate. 
有很大一部分人口是文盲。

Its altitude is very high

Scientists has only recently been able to gain access to the area.

They applied to the ambassador for access to the area for scientific research.

The ambassador had give them his approval to there.

He was ever a marshal  Now he a minister of Ministry of Science.
他曾经是元帅现在他是科学部的部长。

He's also a revolutionary of the older generation.
他也是老一辈的革命者。

The secretary had endowed a$ 1 million public-service fellowships to appeal to society to protect environment.
部长捐赠了100万美元的公共服务研究金，以呼吁社会保护环境。

They're marching  together to show solidarity with their leader in their fight for  environmental reform.
他们正在一起游行，以声援他们的领导人，争取环境改革。

What they fear is that environment policy will be sidelined until it is too late.
他们所担忧的是环境政策不能得到及时的重视。

Let's hold a symposium to talk about how to improve goverment policy.
让我们召开一个研讨会，讨论如何改进政府政策。

They were speculating about why their environment policy was be sidelined.
他们在猜测为什么他们的环境政策被搁置一边。

for the welfare of offspring
为了后代的福利

Our country had legislated Envirment Protecting Act to protect envirment.
我国立法了《环境保护法》来保护环境。

The State has formulated a set of sustainable development strategies.
国家制定了一套可持续发展战略。

Theoretical framework for different growth models and strategies
不同增长模式和战略的理论框架

It standardized the Sewage discharge standard
规范了污水排放标准

It is an inevitable trend to replace non-renewable energy with renewable energy.
用可再生能源取代不可再生能源是必然趋势。

All the representations have attended this International conference to set the parameters for the legitimate pursuit of interests.
所有代表都出席了这次国际会议，为合法追求利益设定了规范。

These countries finally came into a climate change pact.
这些国家终于达成了气候变化协议。

They vented toxic gases into the sky.
他们向天空排放有毒气体。

Destruction of the ozone layer
臭氧层的破坏

He's completely thoughtless.
他实在是欠缺考虑。

These polluting factories are reluctant to make changes because such measures would raise their costs.
这些污染工厂不愿意做出改变，因为这些措施会提高它们的成本。

They were responsible for the pollution of the atmosphere.
他们应对大气污染负责。

The targets of new crackdown include factories and manufacturers that pollute the air.
新的打击目标包括污染空气的工厂和制造商。

Ambassadors spoke of the problems with dismay.(环境问题)
大使们惊愕地谈到了这些问题。

he may be trying to resurrect the old scientist
他可能是想重启那个老科学家

He had been nominated for a leader.
他被提名为领导人。

The ambassador had appointed professor wang to regulate this project.
大使任命王教授来管理这个项目。

The ambassador have a significant reliance on him.
大使非常信赖他。

There is hardly anyone to substitute him in the academic position.
几乎没有人可以取代他担任学术职位。

His capability quantify him for this task
他能胜任这项任务

The ambassador is the first dean of our department
大使是我们系的第一任主任。

The appointment is made and a appropriation of funds come too 
任命下来了,拨款也来了

The long-awaited adventure is about to onset.
期待已久的冒险马上就要开始了

Some months later our proposal was given official sanction.
几个月后，我们的建议得到了官方的批准。

the exploration of underground resources is one of the key elements of the plan.
地下资源勘探是这项计划的一个重要部分

All scientists want to excertain the nature of things.
所有的科学家都想探知事物的本质

The environment has been severely contaminated.
环境受到严重污染。

Chernobyl nuclear leakage
切尔诺贝利核泄漏

disastrous ramifications
灾难性的后果

The climate was changing dramatically. 
气候正在剧烈变化。

The scientist developed one model to simulate a full year of the globe's climate.
这位科学家开发了一个模型来模拟全球全年的气候。

These refined beautiful creatures are disappearing from the face of the earth.
这些精致美丽的生物正在从地球上消失。

The felled trees are burned and so emit carbon dioxide. 
砍伐的树木被烧掉，放出二氧化碳。

Many forests are cut down for timber every year.
每年许多森林被砍伐作为木材。

As a result of the rape of the forests, parts of the country are now short of water.
由于对森林的乱砍乱伐，该国部分地区现在缺水。

Planting trees can be a  profitable investment into our future.
植树可以是对我们未来的有利可图的投资。

Excessive logging leads to land desertification.
过度采伐导致土地荒漠化。

Carbon dioxide is making our planet warmer.
二氧化碳正使我们的星球变暖

The emissions from the coal power station pollute the air.
煤炭发电站的排放物污染了空气。

The air quality of the city is deteriorating.
这个城市的空气质量正在恶化。

Destruction of  species diversity made ecosystems unstable.
物种多样性的破坏使生态系统不稳定。

乱砍乱伐导致水土流失以及生态环境的恶化
Soil erosion and deterioration of ecological environment caused by indiscriminate logging




Man's own greed will be the destruction of the planet. 
人类自身的贪婪将摧毁这个星球。

Save the world from dissolution
从毁灭中拯救地球吧。

Anyone is not allowed to make our rivers or lakes dirty.
任何人都不允许弄脏我们的河流或湖泊。

So to speak, to strengthen the control of arsenic-bearing flue gas, hazardous waste water and clinder is a great event relenting to bringing benefit to descendant.
因此，加强对含砷烟气、有害的废水和渣滓的控制，是给后代带来效益的一件大事。

The local government is determined to reduce an excess of overcultivation of land
当地政府决心减少过度开垦土地。

He attempts to raise people's awareness of the importance of conservation of our environment.
他试图提高人们对保护环境重要性的认识。

Leave a valuable legacy for future generations
为子孙后代留下宝贵遗产

人们藐视自然法则，必然会得到应有的惩罚
People defy the laws of nature and are bound to get the punishment they deserve.

Nothing is going to eclipse obeying the laws of nature. 
什么事情都没有遵守自然规律重要。

This must be a worldwide, cooperative effort.
这必须是一项全球性的合作努力。

many animals on Earth have become extinct.
地球上的许多动物已经灭绝了。

Naturalists made a inventory of all living organisms here
博物学家对这里所有的生物进行了清点

I am sure that this reliable investigation will contribute to the conservation of species and environment.
我相信这项调查将有助于保护物种和环境。

At 3.30 pm a bulletin was released announcing that ....
下午三时三十分，发布公告，宣布...

everyone will be the beneficiary of this research.
每个人都将成为这项研究的受益者

Two independent studies came to the same conclusions. 
两份独立的研究得出了相同的结论。

flip to the next month on the calendar again and again
在日历上一遍又一遍地翻到下个月

我激动的心情平复了一点
My excitement calmed down a little.

之前所有的召集都因为种种原因取消了
All the previous calls have been cancelled for various reasons.

A new chapter in the history of international relations 
国际关系史上的新篇章

The life of civilians is better than ever
平民的生活比以往任何时候都好

There are few researches on the classification and identification of xxx in china for the persent.
目前国内对xxx的分类和鉴定研究甚少。

Embryo research is an emotive issue.
胚胎研究是一个激动人心的问题。

Application system theory, comparison research, macro view generalize with microcosmic confidence combine together to wait the method to proceed the research.
应用系统理论、比较研究、宏观概括和微观分析相结合等方法进行研究。

Analysis will tend to be inductive and after the fact, rather than predictive. 
分析往往在事实发生之后进行，属于归纳性而非预测性的。

He is my classmate I met when I was a freshman in college.
他是我大学一年级时认识的同学。

He often come to our dorm, talk and play with us
他经常来我们宿舍，和我们聊天，玩耍

The dormitory is so dirty!
宿舍太脏了！

When he lost, I commiserated with him. But he didn't focus on grievance and complaint.
他输了，我同情他。但他并没有不满和抱怨。


They make an evaluation of the plan from a number of perspectives.
他们从多个角度对该计划进行了评估。

They analyzed the advantages and disadvantages of it.
他们分析了它的利弊。

The delegates come together to make decision for the group they represent.
代表们聚集在一起，为他们所代表的群体做出决定。

Hitherto, there are no clear answers , but two distinct schools of thought.
到目前为止，还没有明确的答案，但有两种不同的思想流派。

They had a big dispute over whether we should hold this event.
他们对我们是否应该举办这次活动有很大的争议。

All groups are entitled to this money without distinction.
所有团体均有权无区别地获得这笔钱。

Someone was blinded by the dogma .
有人被教条蒙蔽了眼睛。

they treat equally to everyone for work of respective comparable merit
他们对每个人都平等对待，因为他们的工作具有各自的可比性

Compare with the west，They are almost monopolistic in this technology.
与西方相比，他们在这项技术上几乎是垄断的。

The compatriot in the extremely endeavor.
同胞们在奋力拼搏。

the professor hopes to lead us to world domination.
教授希望带领我们走向世界主导地位。

He impart knowledge to us 。
他传授知识给我们。

The forefunner of China.
中国的先行者

i is eager to be a person like him
我渴望成为像他那样的人

To help our country compete, we also have to knock down barriers that hampering our success.
为了帮助我们的国家竞争，我们还必须打破阻碍我们成功的障碍。

I saw this activity in the leaflet
我在传单上看到了这个活动

People have a strong responsive action about the activity
人们对活动有强烈的反应

Not a single vacant position
没有一个空缺职位

They were recruit new members
他们是招募新成员

The assessment was really competitive
考核确实很有竞争力

I showed my competence on stage and pass the assessment
我在舞台上表现了自己的能力并通过了考核

选拔：
Over 2000 competitors engage in the assessment.
超过2000名竞争对手参与考核。

There's a surplus of people want for take this work
有多余的人想接受这项工作


They all passed the preliminary round quiz.
他们都通过了预赛。

The strength of the opponent should not be underestimated.
对手的力量不应低估。

The candidate was selected by the panel who examed the resumes of the interviewees.
候选人是由审查受访者简历的小组选出的。

The panel reshuffled 
小组改组了。

The criteria of the job listing was very strict
这份招聘标准非常严格

Reliability is the most important quality of any employee.
可靠性是任何员工最重要的素质。

There was tension in the air.
空气中充满了紧张。

the final poll had came out.
最后的已经出来了。

And the criterion for selecting each candidate varies from on to another.
每一个候选人的挑选标准各不相同。

Four candidates were eliminated in the first round. 
第一轮就有4名候选人被淘汰。

His persuasive argument won her more support than her opponent.
他有说服力的论点比她的对手赢得了更多的支持。

Any one of these arguments suffices to make my case.
这些论点中的任何一个都足以证明我的观点。

Their arguments do not withstand the most superficial scrutiny.
他们的论证经不起丝毫的推敲。

It's probable  that he will be   selected , because of this salient abilities.
他很可能会被选中，因为他的能力很突出。

He beated his rivals in a contest
他在比赛中击败了对手

He's qualified for enlisting in our team.
他有资格加入我们队。

He wins the competition with obvious superiority.
他以明显的优势赢得了比赛。

The selectors regretted their decision to omit him from the team.
选拔者们对把他排除在队伍之外的决定感到后悔。

They are all competent man
他们都是能干的人

He was an eloquent speaker who can orally express himself very well.
他是个口才雄辩的演说家，能很好地表达自己。

We had a favourable impression from his performance.
他的表演中给人留下了良好的印象。

During the performance， he interacted with us
在演出过程中，他与我们互动

a proposed loyalty oath for Communist Party of China
对中国共产党的忠诚宣誓

It's natural for him to be the focal point of the proformance.
他很自然地成为表演的焦点。

Their interests and capacities diverge.
他们的兴趣和能力各不相同。

if I does not experience that failure, I would forever conceited.
如果我没有经历过那次失败，我将永远自负。

Unfortunately it was a rather sordid episode of my life, but  I've nothing to reproach myself with. 
很不幸，那是我人生中非常不光彩的一段经历，但我没有什么可责备自己的。

Conclude with a quote and call to action.
最后引述并呼吁采取行动。

The reactor is encased in concrete and steel.
反应堆被混凝土和钢包起来。

He received a confidential document about a secret mission.
他收到一份关于秘密任务的机密文件。

It's common to approve collective conformity in our society.
在我们的社会中，崇尚集体是一件很常见的事情。

Someone has a conservative attitude.
有人持保守态度。

人们代表大会是最高立法机关
The People's Congress is the highest legislative body.

It was not been vetoed immediately
它没有立即被否决

They prolonged the meeting in order to discuss the point.
他们延长了会期以讨论这个问题。

A congress is held to discuss many controversial issues for many consecutive days and reached a consensus.
连续多日召开代表大会讨论很多有争议的问题，并达成共识。

To this end, we also made a relevant questionnaire survey.
为此，我们还进行了相关的问卷调查。

His whole argument was based on the premise that our country must find a way to develop ourselves.
他的整个论点是基于这样的前提，即我们的国家必须找到发展自己的方法。

The congress voted in favor of the new legislation.
代表大会投票赞成这项新立法。

同时，这一政策对巩固同周边国家的关系是很有帮助的
At the same time, this policy is very helpful in consolidating relations with the neighbouring countries.

Some people gave money to me for corruption, but i rejected.
有些人腐败给我钱，但我拒绝了。

一些腐败行为已经严重危害到了政治稳定。
Some corrupt behavior has seriously jeopardized political stability.

It took internal whistle-blowing and investigation journalism to uncover the rot.
内部举报和调查新闻才揭露了这种腐败。
they are drunk on sovereign power
他们醉心于至高无上的权力。

He is dismissal from his post at the head of the commission 
免去他的委员会主任一职

the full disclosure of annual financial statements showed their true colors.
年度财务报表的充分披露显示了它们的本质。

Our country is still groping for answers to the economic-policy questions
我国仍在摸索经济政策问题的答案

The leaders drafted the declaration.
领导人们起草了宣言。

this is an opportunity to deepen our understanding of the SilK Road
这是加深我们对丝绸之路认识的机会

He excitedly informed us that they pass the event.
他兴奋地告诉我们，他们通过了活动。
