选拔：—————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
He got a good grade in the 	primary selection
他在初选中取得了很好的成绩
It was a coincidence that my classmate and I both got admited on the activity.
我和同学都被录取参加这项活动，真是巧合。
I'm honored to be one of the candidates.
我很荣幸的成为了候选人之一
so we enrolled many aspiring young people from the college
所以我们从大学招收了许多有抱负的年轻人
I saw this activity in the leaflet
我在传单上看到了这个活动
People have a strong responsive action about the activity
人们对活动有强烈的反应
Not a single vacant position
没有一个空缺职位
They were recruit new members
他们是招募新成员
The assessment was really competitive
考核确实很有竞争力
I showed my competence on stage and pass the assessment
我在舞台上表现了自己的能力并通过了考核
Over 2000 competitors engage in the assessment.
超过2000名竞争对手参与考核。
There's a surplus of people want for take this work
有多余的人想接受这项工作
They all passed the preliminary round quiz.
他们都通过了预赛。
The strength of the opponent should not be underestimated.
对手的力量不应低估。
He is my classmate I met when I was a freshman in college.
他是我大学一年级时认识的同学。
He often come to our dorm, talk and play with us
他经常来我们宿舍，和我们聊天，玩耍
The candidate was selected by the panel who examed the resumes of the interviewees.
候选人是由审查受访者简历的小组选出的。
The panel reshuffled 
小组改组了。
The criteria of the job listing was very strict
这份招聘标准非常严格
Reliability is the most important quality of any employee.
可靠性是任何员工最重要的素质。
There was tension in the air.
空气中充满了紧张。
the final poll had came out.
最后的已经出来了。
And the criterion for selecting each candidate varies from on to another.
每一个候选人的挑选标准各不相同。
Four candidates were eliminated in the first round. 
第一轮就有4名候选人被淘汰。
His persuasive argument won her more support than her opponent.
他有说服力的论点比她的对手赢得了更多的支持。
Any one of these arguments suffices to make my case.
这些论点中的任何一个都足以证明我的观点。
It's probable  that he will be   selected , because of this salient abilities.
他很可能会被选中，因为他的能力很突出。
He beated his rivals in a contest
他在比赛中击败了对手
He's qualified for enlisting in our team.
他有资格加入我们队。
He wins the competition with obvious superiority.
他以明显的优势赢得了比赛。
The selectors regretted their decision to omit him from the team.
选拔者们对把他排除在队伍之外的决定感到后悔。
They are all competent man
他们都是能干的人
He was an eloquent speaker who can orally express himself very well.
他是个口才雄辩的演说家，能很好地表达自己。
We had a favourable impression from his performance.
他的表演中给人留下了良好的印象。
During the performance， he interacted with us
在演出过程中，他与我们互动
It's natural for him to be the focal point of the proformance.
他很自然地成为表演的焦点。
Their interests and capacities diverge.
他们的兴趣和能力各不相同。
The Interviewer maintained a disinterested attitude, avoring no sides.
面试官保持着一种无私的态度，不偏袒任意一方。
After the interview, I excelled and I was designated as a member of the team.
面试结束后，我胜出了，我被指定为团队成员。
++++++++++走后门：++++++++++++++
We found his behavior suspicous
我们发现他的行为可疑
Later, We knew that he got into our team by bribing people.
后来才知道他是通过贿赂相关人员而进入我们这个队伍的
It will remain an indelible stain on his live.
这将是他生活中不可磨灭的污点。
Because the investigation made a revelation that the official had immersed himself in bribery for a long time.
因为调查显示，这名官员长期陷于行贿中。
He degraded himself in the eyes of the people.
他已经贬低了自己在人们群众中的形象。
he have been expelled
他被开除了
the list is abbreviated to a few nominees
名单缩写为几个提名人
